DEVPLANS.md, before:

# Feature Dev Plans

## Named Session (browser window)

- A session/window can be named.
- A window remains "unnamed" unless explicitly named by the user.
- A named session must have a tabs.html as a pinned tab.
- and the tabs.html has the session name and ID encoded in the URL

- **Session Management**

  - Each browser window is identified and managed as a "Named Session."
  - The session data is temporarily stored in the `service-worker` in-memory storage.
  - The `Bookmark API` is used to persist session data in Chrome bookmarks for synchronization.
  - `session ID` is assigned as a UUID.

- **tabs.html Behavior**

  - `tabs.html` is pinned per Named Session.
  - The URL encodes the `session name` and `session ID` as query parameters.
  - If an existing `tabs.html` for the same session is open, it is selected instead of opening a new one.

- **Session Creation & Management**

  - A new Named Session can be created from the popup or settings page.
  - An existing browser window can be registered as a Named Session.
  - When a Named Session is deleted, the corresponding bookmark folder is also removed.

- **Bookmark Storage Structure**

  - A `Named Sessions` bookmark folder is created to store session data.
  - **Folder name format**: `<session name> (<session ID>)`
  - Each tab is stored as a bookmark inside the session folder (including title and URL).

- **Session Restoration**

  - On extension startup, Named Sessions are restored from bookmarks.
  - The `session ID` is extracted from the bookmark folder name and loaded into `service-worker`.
  - When the user restores a session, the saved tabs are reopened.

- **Tab Synchronization**
  - Any tab addition/removal is reflected in the `service-worker` in-memory storage.
  - The bookmark folder is updated in real-time to maintain synchronization.

## Bookmark as URL Store

- Bookmark chooser UI in settings.html.
- Config object in config_store.ts.
- Named sessions will be stored as bookmarks automatically, and
- Structure: [Bookmark Root] > [Named Sessions] > [Opened Pages]/[Kept Pages]
- A "Session" is a folder in Bookmark. and is a window in the browser, and a set of "Tabs".
- A "Tab" is a bookmark in Bookmark manager. associated with a title, URL.
- We can encode metadata in Bookmark titles as JSON.

## UI Language chooser

- Have a selection option in settings.
- Prepare Japanese and English prompts for necessary LLM integrations.

## Auto-Categorization

- Use embeddings to find automatic categorization
- Suggest reorganization of the tabs, or possible migration destination.
- e.g. Add a button to migrate a tab to another window/sesion, and show a dialog to select the destination. We can show the possible candidates based on the summary/keywords/embeddings.

## Update the LLM prompts

- to focus more on categorization, topic detection. We would like to improve the prompts
- Ability to choose language from English or Japanese.

## Provide an error indicator in popup and the extension icon.

- We may collect errors in the service-worker to let the user confirm it and invest.
- We don't need to collect the error logs themselves, as Chrome browser also provides such functionality.

# Fullfilled Dev Plans

## Disable heavy processing based on battery mode

- Added an easy toggle for power-consuming LLM services in the popup page
- Implemented automatic disabling of LLM services when the device is running on battery power
- Added battery status detection and display in the popup

## service-worker to manage LLM-based digests of the pages (per URL)

## tabs.html opened as a pinned Tab to tab UI.

- in tabs.html UI, We can ignore pinned tab.
- Instead, if the tabs.html is opened for a window, it becomes a pinned tab and behave as as representative tab of the window/session.
- When a tabs.html is opened, it checks the existence of other tabs.html in the same window. If another tabs.html is already opened, select it and close the extra one.
- Use the Chrome Extension's tabs and windows events to keep the UI updated.

## Side Panel Writer Support

- sidepanel.html has a dedicated chooser UI for LLM services (Ollama or OpenAI)
- Model selection based on the chosen LLM service
- Prepared prompts for various document writing scenarios
- Abstracted LLM service interface for consistent interaction with different providers
- Support for interacting with visible page content

Commit message:

[hacky-helper] feat: implement tab auto-categorization using embeddings
- Add tab_categorization.ts with similarity calculation and tab grouping
- Update service-worker.ts with handlers for categorization and migration
- Enhance tabs.html with categorization button and migration dialogs
- Add UI for viewing tab categories and suggesting migration destinations
- Update documentation in ARCHITECTURE.md and DEVPLANS.md

This feature enables automatic categorization of tabs based on content
similarity using embeddings, allows users to migrate tabs between windows
with intelligent destination suggestions, and integrates with the Named
Sessions feature for better tab organization.

DEVPLANS.md, after:

# Feature Dev Plans

## Named Session (browser window)

- A session/window can be named.
- A window remains "unnamed" unless explicitly named by the user.
- A named session must have a tabs.html as a pinned tab.
- and the tabs.html has the session name and ID encoded in the URL

- **Session Management**

  - Each browser window is identified and managed as a "Named Session."
  - The session data is temporarily stored in the `service-worker` in-memory storage.
  - The `Bookmark API` is used to persist session data in Chrome bookmarks for synchronization.
  - `session ID` is assigned as a UUID.

- **tabs.html Behavior**

  - `tabs.html` is pinned per Named Session.
  - The URL encodes the `session name` and `session ID` as query parameters.
  - If an existing `tabs.html` for the same session is open, it is selected instead of opening a new one.

- **Session Creation & Management**

  - A new Named Session can be created from the popup or settings page.
  - An existing browser window can be registered as a Named Session.
  - When a Named Session is deleted, the corresponding bookmark folder is also removed.

- **Bookmark Storage Structure**

  - A `Named Sessions` bookmark folder is created to store session data.
  - **Folder name format**: `<session name> (<session ID>)`
  - Each tab is stored as a bookmark inside the session folder (including title and URL).

- **Session Restoration**

  - On extension startup, Named Sessions are restored from bookmarks.
  - The `session ID` is extracted from the bookmark folder name and loaded into `service-worker`.
  - When the user restores a session, the saved tabs are reopened.

- **Tab Synchronization**
  - Any tab addition/removal is reflected in the `service-worker` in-memory storage.
  - The bookmark folder is updated in real-time to maintain synchronization.

## Bookmark as URL Store

- Bookmark chooser UI in settings.html.
- Config object in config_store.ts.
- Named sessions will be stored as bookmarks automatically, and
- Structure: [Bookmark Root] > [Named Sessions] > [Opened Pages]/[Kept Pages]
- A "Session" is a folder in Bookmark. and is a window in the browser, and a set of "Tabs".
- A "Tab" is a bookmark in Bookmark manager. associated with a title, URL.
- We can encode metadata in Bookmark titles as JSON.

## UI Language chooser

- Have a selection option in settings.
- Prepare Japanese and English prompts for necessary LLM integrations.

## Update the LLM prompts

- to focus more on categorization, topic detection. We would like to improve the prompts
- Ability to choose language from English or Japanese.

## Provide an error indicator in popup and the extension icon.

- We may collect errors in the service-worker to let the user confirm it and invest.
- We don't need to collect the error logs themselves, as Chrome browser also provides such functionality.

## Auto-Categorization

- Add a function to migrate the auto-categorized tabs into a new named session.
- UX might need improvements.

# Fullfilled Dev Plans

## Disable heavy processing based on battery mode

- Added an easy toggle for power-consuming LLM services in the popup page
- Implemented automatic disabling of LLM services when the device is running on battery power
- Added battery status detection and display in the popup

## service-worker to manage LLM-based digests of the pages (per URL)

## tabs.html opened as a pinned Tab to tab UI.

- in tabs.html UI, We can ignore pinned tab.
- Instead, if the tabs.html is opened for a window, it becomes a pinned tab and behave as as representative tab of the window/session.
- When a tabs.html is opened, it checks the existence of other tabs.html in the same window. If another tabs.html is already opened, select it and close the extra one.
- Use the Chrome Extension's tabs and windows events to keep the UI updated.

## Side Panel Writer Support

- sidepanel.html has a dedicated chooser UI for LLM services (Ollama or OpenAI)
- Model selection based on the chosen LLM service
- Prepared prompts for various document writing scenarios
- Abstracted LLM service interface for consistent interaction with different providers
- Support for interacting with visible page content

## Auto-Categorization

- Implemented automatic categorization of tabs based on content similarity using embeddings
- Added tab migration functionality to move tabs between windows/sessions
- Added suggestion of destination windows/sessions based on content similarity
- Created dialog interfaces for viewing tab categories and managing tab migration
- Integrated with the Named Sessions feature for better organization
